doc: Add direct advertising problems to known issues (#3125)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Use Zephyr alarms.

nRF Desktop
===========

.. rst-class:: v1-3-0 v1-3-1 v1-4-0

> DESK-978: Direct advertising issues with SoftDevice Link Layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DESK-978: Directed advertising issues with SoftDevice Link Layer
```

>   The direct advertising (:option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DIRECT_ADV`) should not be used by the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application when SoftDevice Link Layer is in use, because that leads to reconnection problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Directed advertising (:option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DIRECT_ADV`) should not be used by the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application when the :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller` is in use, because that leads to reconnection problems.
```

>   For more detailed information, see the ``Known issues and limitations`` section of :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller_changelog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more detailed information, see the ``Known issues and limitations`` section of the SoftDevice Controller's :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller_changelog`.
```

>   **Workaround:** The direct advertising is disabled by default for nRF Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Directed advertising is disabled by default for nRF Desktop.
```
